Losing has a cause of concern for both men and women
bald patches is the most visible sign in men
with a receding hairline and little or no hair on the head
heredity factors play a big role especially when it comes to male pattern balding
in women other factors like hormonal imbalance leads to thinning of hair
however what is common to both men and women when it comes to losing hair is stress
other causes include underlying chronic in ailments like anaemia or typhoid etc
vitamin B6 and folic acid deficiency or an unclean scalp with clogged follicles
try using these simple ingredients available in your kitchen to help prevent hair loss
in a pan boil a cup of mustard oil
to the boiling oil add 4 tablespoons of mehendi or henna leaves
once this cools strain this oil into a bowl
store this in a clean bottle and massage the oil gently on your scalp
take an egg yolk and add 1 teaspoon of
honey
mix this well and apply it to bald patches
leave it on for about half an hour and then wash it off
alternatively you can take an egg yolk
and beat it until it becomes smooth and creamy
now apply this on your scalp leave it
for half & hour and wash it off
to avoid a hair fall do not comb your hair when it is wet
oil your hair once or twice a week and remember to massage your scalp really well
as this stimulates hair growth
follow these remedies and enjoy a head full of healthy hair
if you enjoyed this video remember to hit the like button
and leave a comment letting me know what you feel and remember to check out our other home remedies
eat healthy stay healthy and lead a long happy life